Arrays and Loops Exercises
==========================

Exercise 1
----------

**a)** Create an array contains a few strings in it that are relevant to you,
such as a list of hobbies you are into or a list of instruments you play.

*Example Answer*

    <?php
    $instruments = array("clarinet", "piano", "drums", "guitar", "voice", "trumpet");
    ?>


**b)** Write code that goes through a loop and prints out each item of your list,
followed by a comma and a space (`", "`).

**c)** Modify your code to get rid of the comma and space after the last item.

**d)** Modify your code to add the word `and` before the last item of the list.
Example output for the `array("clarinet", "piano", "drums", "guitar", "voice", "trumpet")`
would be `clarinet, piano, drums, guitar, voice, and trumpet`.

**e)** Pull your code into a function called `printList($list)` which takes your list
and does the looping and printing.  This way you can easily use this function on
other lists whenever you need to.  Add a call to your function underneath, passing in
the same original list so that you are still printing out the list just like before,
but now using your new function.

*Example Answer*

    <?php
    function printList($list) {
        $lastOne = false;
        foreach ($list as $n => $item) {
            # figure out if it's the last one
            if ($n == count($list)-1) {
                $lastOne = true;
            }

            if (!$lastOne) {
                echo "$item, ";
            }
            else {
                echo "and $item";
            }
        }
    }

    $instruments = array("clarinet", "piano", "drums", "guitar", "voice", "trumpet");
    printList($instruments);
    ?>

**f)** Define another array called `$food` containing some meals or ingredients that you like.
Add another call to your `printList` function, this time printing the `$food` array.
Make sure there's a line break between the two lists!c

*Example Answer*

    <?php
    function printList($list) {
        ...
    }

    $instruments = array("clarinet", "piano", "drums", "guitar", "voice", "trumpet");
    printList($instruments);

    echo '<br>';

    $food = array("bread", "rice", "chicken", "carrots");
    printList($food);
    ?>

